[Fix]Fix the incorrect command in readme of setup tools (#10)
aws-samples/aws-snow-tools-for-eks-anywhere: container-registry-ami-builder/images/README.md

## Description
You can pull all images in your local environment and save them as tar files. Then copy all tar files to the `~/aws-snow-tools-for-eks-anywhere/container-registry-ami-builder/images` directory on the AL2 instance. The AMI build process will iterate over the `images` folder and upload the tar files to the target AMI.

1. `docker pull` all the images and run `docker save IMAGE_NAME > IMAGE_NAME.tar` to save them as tar files
2. Copy all tar files to your AL2 instance under the `~/aws-snow-tools-for-eks-anywhere/container-registry-ami-builder/images` folder before running `build.sh` script during the AMI build process.

> ###### Note: `<path-to-key>` is the path to your ssh key pair file of your EKS-A admin instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Note: `<path-to-key>` is the path to your ssh key pair file of your Harbor AMI build instance
```

Author: Thanks!

> ###### Note: `<path-to-key>` is the path to your ssh key pair file of your Harbor AMI build instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Note: `<path-to-key>` is the path to your private key and `<public-IPv4-address>` is the public ip of your Harbor AMI build instance
```

```

> scp -i <path-to-key>/<key-file-name> <path-to-your-tar-file/your-tar-file> ec2-user@<public-IPv4-address>:~/aws-snow-tools-for-eks-anywhere/container-registry-ami-builder/images/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scp -i <path-to-key> <path-to-your-tar-file/your-tar-file> ec2-user@<public-IPv4-address>:~/aws-snow-tools-for-eks-anywhere/container-registry-ami-builder/images/
```
`<path>/*.tar` might be better, which will copy all the tar files with a single command, could you try it out to see if it will work or not?

Author: I don't think it's feasible since user may have other tar files in their folder which they don't want to upload.

Reviewer: then do you need to mention "need to run this command for every image tar file" ?
